Chris Alliman MD: Dr. Solomon and his January 31 New Mexico, New patient intake.
Chris Alliman MD: Soraya sa RA and I, ah, last name is Aston Date of Birth is
Saraniah Aston: Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: Hi, how are you today.
Chris Alliman MD: Good to see, did I say your last name or your name right, sir, and I
Chris Alliman MD: Know,
Saraniah Aston: Oh, sorry. Mia.
Saraniah Aston: MIA mia
Saraniah Aston: My everyone. Everyone gets it wrong. It's okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Imagine it was a bit of a hard one to guess that
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it is.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Well, looks like we are talking about Suboxone today. Does that sound correct
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: I took a look here. And it looks like you've been on Suboxone for a bit. So tell me kind of this. Your, your story around Suboxone
Saraniah Aston: Um, well, I used to be on methadone and and then I stopped that and switched to Suboxone I lived in Israel for about 10 years I just moved back to the States. So when I was in Israel. I actually switched to
Saraniah Aston: Survive Suboxone and I've been taking that for about six little over six years now.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Sounds good. Why did you get it originally get on methadone.
Saraniah Aston: For drug addiction.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Can you tell me a bit about the
Saraniah Aston: Go ahead. I hated methadone. So I got off of it cold turkey.
Chris Alliman MD: What was the process. Oh, just cold turkey, you just stopped methadone and switched over
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Well, I imagine that was kind of rough
Saraniah Aston: It was extremely rough for a few months.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah I would imagine so.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, tell me about the drug addiction issue that led to the Methadone use what was happening there.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I often on have been
Saraniah Aston: In and out of addiction for
Saraniah Aston: Opiates
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when did that get started.
Chris Alliman MD: You
Saraniah Aston: Run on 17
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when
Saraniah Aston: By the time I
Saraniah Aston: Was
Saraniah Aston: Like in my late 20s, I was full blown. Don't you
Chris Alliman MD: What is full blown mean for you.
Saraniah Aston: A full blown means switching to heroin. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often were you using heroin.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I don't know, actually. Okay.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: When you were 17 what pulled you into the opiates.
A toothache.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: That's all it took.
Chris Alliman MD: Doesn't take much on
Chris Alliman MD: It's pretty amazing discovering with all of that.
Chris Alliman MD: And what was your motivation to get off heroin and
Saraniah Aston: My daughter.
It's a good motivation.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you ever overdose.
Saraniah Aston: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: Any hospitalizations for for the opiate addiction or heroin use
Saraniah Aston: I know. Well, yes, I had one one hospitalization for I was addicted to
Saraniah Aston: Vicodin and Laura. Okay. But I was, I think it was like 22
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. Changing gears here just a little bit. Do you take any medications regularly.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I take Paxil for depression.
Saraniah Aston: I take out of n for my anxiety disorder and for my PTSD and
Saraniah Aston: Marijuana for my PTSD.
Saraniah Aston: What else, mom, what else do I take
Saraniah Aston: Hydroxyl scene for anxiety as well as gabapentin
Saraniah Aston: For my anxiety.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds like anxiety is a bit overwhelming for you at times.
Saraniah Aston: It is. It really, really is. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Are you working with the psychiatrist when
Saraniah Aston: I will be in I was supposed. Here's the thing. I was supposed to go see a psychiatrist three weeks ago, but he got sick on our first meeting. So I was kind of out of luck. I have another meeting with him a few days. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Glad to hear that.
Chris Alliman MD: Any allergies to medications.
Saraniah Aston: I'm just penicillin.
Chris Alliman MD: And what happens with penicillin.
Highs
Chris Alliman MD: Any surgeries at any point
Saraniah Aston: I'm us
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What year was that
Saraniah Aston: 2013 okay
Chris Alliman MD: Any other surgeries. Besides that one.
Saraniah Aston: Um, yeah, I had two abortions okay when when I was 14 and one when I was 17 and I had a mole removed from under my arm.
Saraniah Aston: A long time ago. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And do you smoke tobacco.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Saraniah Aston: Almost a pack a day.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Saraniah Aston: A long time since I was a kid.
Chris Alliman MD: Give me a guess here that was to how many years. Would you say
Saraniah Aston: Let's say 25 years. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Kevin you quit along the way, or winded down
Um,
Saraniah Aston: I'm actually there were, there have been points like in time where
Saraniah Aston: My life was a lot different or less stress or and yeah I just naturally cut down without even thinking about it. Okay. And it's my next year's New Year's resolution, I knew I wasn't ready for this year I just be lying to myself. So it's next year's
Chris Alliman MD: When to get ready for it. Sounds good. Good. I'm glad to hear that you're working in getting away from that are thinking about it. So,
Saraniah Aston: It's important. Yeah, it's important
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. A lot of people normalize it so it's it's good to hear that it's in the forefront for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, any alcohol.
Saraniah Aston: No, I haven't had alcohol for a year.
Chris Alliman MD: Good ever had an alcohol problem.
Saraniah Aston: I had a problem with binge drinking when I did drink.
Mm hmm.
Saraniah Aston: And I didn't like the way I was. I behaved or the situation's I got into from that. So I just stopped. Good, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Other drug use.
Chris Alliman MD: No Meth, Cocaine nothing
Now,
Saraniah Aston: I have. I've had my time.
Saraniah Aston: Sounds like it. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So sounds like the hair. The last time to use heroin was like four years ago. Is that what I'm hearing
I'm
Saraniah Aston: No longer. It was like seven, seven years ago.
Good.
Saraniah Aston: Hold on, I can't hear your muffled
Chris Alliman MD: Know, that's fine. That's me. I'm just checking the microphone. I tend to put my hand accidentally over the microphone of
Saraniah Aston: What you did.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, sorry about that.
Chris Alliman MD: New computer. I'm just getting used to it.
Chris Alliman MD: I saw that you've been taking the Suboxone three times a day eight milligrams three times a day.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I take eight milligrams three times a day. But I take
Saraniah Aston: Three. I take the three times a day, once in the morning.
Chris Alliman MD: You take three films once a day pills three pills.
Chris Alliman MD: You prefer the pills over the
Chris Alliman MD: Mm hmm. Can I ask why I'm just out of curiosity,
Saraniah Aston: To me they just work better. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Fair enough. I've got no problem with that it could
Saraniah Aston: Be my head, though it could totally be in my head.
Chris Alliman MD: It could be, but that doesn't make it any less real. So that's why I'm why the why the change of providers.
Saraniah Aston: Um, oh my last provider.
Saraniah Aston: hated me for some reason. And he wasn't a doctor. And when I asked him if he was a doctor, like a nurse practitioner or whatever. He said, It's none of your business. And after that, I started asking questions and more questions and the whole clinic.
Saraniah Aston: They didn't like that. So they got rid of me in a nasty way.
Chris Alliman MD: I saw that the last refill. You got was January 7
Chris Alliman MD: Is that correct,
Saraniah Aston: Um, yeah, that sounds. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Mainly what I'm just asking is how much you have left at this point.
Saraniah Aston: I don't have any
Saraniah Aston: When because he gave me when I got my what he gave me
Saraniah Aston: Was two pills.
Saraniah Aston: A day you wasn't really able to write this prescription anyways but Dr.
Saraniah Aston: Really good doctor. Um, so obviously I ran
Chris Alliman MD: Two days now. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How have you been doing over these last two days.
Saraniah Aston: I'm hanging on. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Going through withdrawals.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And what are you doing
Chris Alliman MD: To help out with the withdrawals.
Saraniah Aston: I'm smoking marijuana okay you sitting outside I'm
Saraniah Aston: jumping up and down whatever after stretching. Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have a primary care doctor at this point.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, I do. Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: What's your living situation.
Saraniah Aston: Right now I live with my mother. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: I should, I'm looking for an apartment right now. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And are you, are there any kids that are around or any kids that might be around.
Saraniah Aston: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason I ask is because Suboxone can kill kids if even the residue that's on the fingers are in the scripts, the packaging can kill them.
Saraniah Aston: Know my daughter is in Israel.
Chris Alliman MD: And any
Chris Alliman MD: Significant other or someone you're with.
Saraniah Aston: Any
Chris Alliman MD: Significant other mainly. I'm wondering if there are any significant others in your lives, people who might be using the social situation that kind of
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And what are you doing to spend the time. Are you employed. Are you a student
Saraniah Aston: Um, I sell clothing. I'm online on POS Mark actually
Saraniah Aston: posh Mark ambassador.
Very nice.
Chris Alliman MD: Good and your mom. It sounds like it's pretty supportive and knowledgeable. What's going on with you.
Mm hmm.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of addiction anything run through the family.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. Definitely alcoholism, for sure. Okay, good thing for you to avoid them.
Saraniah Aston: Can I ask who
Chris Alliman MD: In your family. I'm mainly wondering
Chris Alliman MD: About father, mother, and siblings, if they're
Saraniah Aston: My father is an alcoholic. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Anyone else and
Saraniah Aston: And my grandmother was a heroin addict, but I believe she's a drink. She just a drinker now. Okay.
Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Any outstanding or current legal issues for you.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: No probation, parole or anything.
Saraniah Aston: No, I've never been to jail.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I'm glad to hear that.
Chris Alliman MD: And then a little awkward question, but when we ask is any were you abused as a child.
No.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to run. We are going to get you a prescription for Suboxone today. We'll get that taken care of, just to put your mind at ease. How much do you know about our program.
Saraniah Aston: Um, little bits is there's a weekly group meeting.
Saraniah Aston: And I'm assuming there's a therapist therapist or counselor. Yeah.
Saraniah Aston: Very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so there's weekly
Chris Alliman MD: group meetings and then their weekly therapy individual therapy meetings also
Chris Alliman MD: And generally, for the first month we write two prescriptions, a week.
Chris Alliman MD: And it bridges between those times. So you get one that goes from group to therapy and then when you attend therapy. There's another one that gets sent in to get you back to the group time. And so for the first month we just kind of bridge them together.
Chris Alliman MD: We found that that's the once people have bought into the value of the therapy, then we're able to space that out and just do one once a week prescriptions. But we found that if we do the weekly prescriptions at the beginning. People just kind of don't go to therapy so
Saraniah Aston: Oh, OK.
Chris Alliman MD: So we kind of hold that pretty tight for folks.
Chris Alliman MD: And we'll come together to the end at the end here and talk about what group and what things will work for you.
Saraniah Aston: Soon to that.
Chris Alliman MD: Now I get to that at the end. But I have a few other questions, not a few I got a lot of other questions.
Chris Alliman MD: First of all, here these are kind of yes or no questions going back to the time when you are actually using the the short acting opiates the hydrocodone owns the
Saraniah Aston: Heroin and stuff so
Chris Alliman MD: Think about it. And during those times. If you don't understand the questions and you need me to repeat them i or rephrase them. I certainly can. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Okay. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: So are you taking the short acting opiates and larger amounts or over a longer period of time than initially intended
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control their use.
Saraniah Aston: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time in activities, trying to get the short acting opiates use them or recover from them.
Saraniah Aston: I'm sorry, I don't understand. Sure.
So,
Chris Alliman MD: The short acting opiates, you have to spend a lot of time finding them. If you're getting them off the street, if it was a prescription. That's not going to be hard.
Chris Alliman MD: And a lot of time using them, you know, getting through there through their effects or a lot of time recovering from using them that the time it takes to kind of get through using them.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I'll try to answer that question.
Saraniah Aston: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Did you have cravings, or a strong desire to use the opiates.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did using them cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue using them, even though they might have caused social or relationship problems.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the short acting opiates.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use in situations that were hazardous like driving
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use despite knowing that they could cause physical or psychological problems.
Saraniah Aston: I used
Saraniah Aston: I didn't know that they can have psychological problems that I use them.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, physical problems was the other part.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I didn't know. So
Chris Alliman MD: That's fine.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you know your hepatitis C status.
Saraniah Aston: I don't, I don't have hepatitis. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: That's I think they probably talk to you about getting blood work done later on. And that's one of the things that we will that will be included in the blood work is just checking on that to make sure
Chris Alliman MD: It's so readily readily
Chris Alliman MD: treatable. Now we want to make sure we get people taken care of.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, good. Well, my doctor is on top of that.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. I'm glad to hear that as well. They should be. That's really good.
Chris Alliman MD: How many pregnancies. Have you had total
Chris Alliman MD: Three. Okay, and you had mentioned the one C section and two abortions.
Saraniah Aston: Mm hmm. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: When was your last period.
Saraniah Aston: Now, last week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, are you on any birth control.
Saraniah Aston: No, but I'm not sexually active. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason I ask is just for your information Suboxone can cause birth defects. So you want to be aware of that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right, so we're going to run through
Chris Alliman MD: Some symptoms kind of starting at the top working our way through things either yes or no questions, and we're thinking about the last two weeks, basically. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: So just thinking more recently than those last set of questions.
Chris Alliman MD: So with the withdrawals that you've been having some of these might be more positive than they would have been previously and that's fine. We're just trying to get a feel for where you're at.
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Night sweats.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, chills,
Saraniah Aston: Mom. Nope.
Chris Alliman MD: Fatigue.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes vision changes.
Saraniah Aston: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Hearing changes.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Chris Alliman MD: nasal congestion.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, bloody nose.
No.
Lip sores.
Saraniah Aston: Neck pain. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath, no cough.
Saraniah Aston: Yes, chest pain, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Abdominal pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Urinary pain or pain with urination.
Saraniah Aston: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Blood in the urine. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Change in hair texture.
Saraniah Aston: Well, it's looking real healthy
Saraniah Aston: Now,
Chris Alliman MD: Let's good
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains.
Saraniah Aston: Back pains. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Muscle cramps.
Yes.
difficulty walking
Saraniah Aston: No good headaches.
Saraniah Aston: I'm not so much.
Chris Alliman MD: Dizziness
Saraniah Aston: No.
Saraniah Aston: Weakness, yes.
Tremor
Saraniah Aston: Now,
Depression.
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety.
Saraniah Aston: Yes.
Saraniah Aston: sleep problems. Yes.
Hopelessness
Saraniah Aston: Huh. Yes.
Saraniah Aston: worthlessness, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations no bruising.
Saraniah Aston: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So the fun part now is we get to do the physical exam, which is always a little bit entertaining to try and do through the computer system. So first of all with vital signs, you've been sitting quietly resting easily and you're so your respiration rate is normal.
Chris Alliman MD: What's your height.
Saraniah Aston: five foot nine
Chris Alliman MD: And what's your weight.
Saraniah Aston: Um, I'm gonna guess like 198 okay
Chris Alliman MD: Do you know how to check your pulse or how to find your pulse.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, it's on my wrist or on my neck.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So what I'm going to do is
Saraniah Aston: My mom's my mom's a nurse and she's here if you want to take calls
Chris Alliman MD: It's fine, we'll just do it here.
Chris Alliman MD: pretty quick. It's a six second time, I'm going to count day keep track of that. I'll tell you start and stop and you just tell me at the end. How many pulses, you got in that time. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: All right, hold on, let me find it.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me know when you're ready.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, I'm ready.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and go
Chris Alliman MD: And stop.
Saraniah Aston: 10 excellent
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. So God gives us supposed to have 100
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now if he can have you stand up and on the camera just kind of push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: All over just curious to know if you have any pain as you do that.
Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Me.
Saraniah Aston: Little cramping.
Chris Alliman MD: Little cramping.
That would make sense.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, but now besides that, there's no pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent, very good, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, right.
Chris Alliman MD: So we need to do is get the Suboxone the pills sent in for you.
Chris Alliman MD: And so I want to
Chris Alliman MD: Check what pharmacy. Do you use
Saraniah Aston: Um, it's called Genoa.
Saraniah Aston: In Silver City.
Saraniah Aston: Mom.
Saraniah Aston: Do you want the phone number.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I'm just double checking with what we've got in the computer. And it looks like that's what we've got here. Do you know what health killer care is Silver City on Polk Street.
Saraniah Aston: That's it. Yes, perfect. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: I just wanted to make sure we got everything lined up. So I'm going to get medic the medication sent in for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Three times a day kind of sounds like where we're at. Does that sound correct
Mm hmm.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I also am required by law to send in our can overdose nasal spray
Saraniah Aston: Actually have some
Chris Alliman MD: Great. I'm just going to comply with the law and send it in, and also
Chris Alliman MD: You don't have to pick it up, that's up to you as to whether you pick it up or not but there'll be a lot of refills on it too. So if it gets
Chris Alliman MD: You can just go get another one.
Saraniah Aston: No, I'm always looking for junkies who are dying on the side of the road.
Saraniah Aston: So, I will write another one.
Chris Alliman MD: There you go.
Chris Alliman MD: Maybe I'll pass it out. That'll be good.
Chris Alliman MD: And then we need to find a groups for you to be involved in
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, which I'm really looking forward to actually
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that'll be great. Um,
Chris Alliman MD: Let's see here. So,
Computer
Chris Alliman MD: Sorry. Give me just a second. My computer decided to cause me problems.
Saraniah Aston: That's fine. Take your time.
Chris Alliman MD: I have a probably honestly a really good group for you would be on
Chris Alliman MD: Monday mornings, if you would be available, it would be at nine and go till 10
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Would that work for you.
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I think that's fine.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, and on Mondays.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so the therapist that works with that group for him is Glenn and you'll meet her on Monday when you come to group.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll send her a message. So she'll be aware of you, but I'll be in the group.
Chris Alliman MD: And she'll be in the group.
Chris Alliman MD: That's when we do the medical check in, see how things are going and we make sure you've got your
Chris Alliman MD: Next therapy session or first therapy session. And that's when I get the medications sent folks.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, other other patients like it's group therapy. Okay, cool. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. There'll be somewhere between, like, I think, five to 10 other patients, something like that. It kind of varies as to what happens, but that's generally where it's at.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We encourage you to check it, you have to check in through the virtual clinic, like you did today, and we encourage you to do that about 20 to 30 minutes before hand.
Chris Alliman MD: There's, it's the virtual clinic is just like going in the front office at the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office right there's always align and there's always paperwork.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so get in there early if you get done with your information early, they will email you the zoom room number when it comes time for the meeting.
Saraniah Aston: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And that changes every week. So you do have to check into the virtual clinic to be able to get the zoom room number
Saraniah Aston: Gotcha. Okay, good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: There are a few things that we asked during the meeting. One is that you'd be seated and quiet and have like a notebook to write in
Chris Alliman MD: Sometimes there are activities that take writing. We also ask that you not wear a hat, just so we can see your face. Well, and then we also ask that you not smoke during the meeting because that can be a trigger for some people to start craving.
Saraniah Aston: Understand, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So that'll work out. I have your email listed as your first name at GMAIL. COM
Saraniah Aston: That's me. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so I'm going to send you an email with this information in it. I would suggest that you put reminders in your phone, put it on your calendar, whatever you need to do, because that's when the medication gets refill so
Saraniah Aston: Okay, when it's going to happen.
Chris Alliman MD: So what I'm going to do is once we're done here. I'm going to send in a prescription for your pharmacy for today.
Chris Alliman MD: Saturday, Sunday and Monday, because I don't want you withdrawing during group. So I want you to have medication for Monday. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: And then on Monday when I see you will check in, see how you're doing what's happening.
Chris Alliman MD: The medical part is very, very quick. We focus a lot on the therapy part of things so medical is very quick and then as the therapy session is going on and I get the medications for the next segment sent in for you.
Saraniah Aston: Okay, okay.
Saraniah Aston: Good plan. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. What questions do you have
Um,
Saraniah Aston: Yeah, I don't really happening. I think we covered everything. Good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: I do just want to make sure that you are aware of the difficulty. The difficulties with Adam and Suboxone or any of the Bezos, and Suboxone
Saraniah Aston: Because both. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: They depressed the breathing and can be a problem.
Saraniah Aston: I just, that's why I did switch from Klonopin very heavy dose of Klonopin
Saraniah Aston: Out of them. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And I would encourage you to work in bringing that down and use it as minimally as possible, but you'll work that out with your, your psychiatrist. I just wanted to mention that
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Good. All right. Well, I think we're good. From there, look for my email here in just a few minutes and you should be able to get the medication yet today, it'll be the three pills. One time a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Days that we talked about. Okay.
Saraniah Aston: Alrighty, thank you, Dr.
Chris Alliman MD: You bad. Good to see it today.
Saraniah Aston: Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so I think we got most of that their
Chris Alliman MD: Psychic impression is anxiety and depression level of stress is severe includes economic and relationship problems relationship stressors are significant.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong a strong sense of self and good object relations appears abstract on exam patient reports psychiatric treatment know hospitalizations.
Chris Alliman MD: Got her OB history vital signs assessment and plan severe opioid use disorder, anxiety, depression, PTSD.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient is on a continuation plan will continue with her Suboxone tablets eight dash two three tabs for 24 milligrams. One time a day prescription will be sent in for four days.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has to join the Monday, New Mexico. Monday 9am group with instructions to check in beforehand, nor can will be sent in and patient will check with will establish with therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: At the time of her group appointment P AMP P was reviewed it shows for prescribers to pharmacies noted to add a van two milligrams three times a day last field January 23 2020 also Suboxone eight dash two, three times a day last filled January 7
Chris Alliman MD: All right, that's it. Thanks.